One click unsubscribe guidance re-draft (#261)
alphagov/notifications-tech-docs: source/documentation/_api_docs.md

You can leave out this argument if the email being sent is not a subscription email.

> You must also add an unsubscribe link to the bottom of your email. The unsubscribe link at the bottom of your email must be a `GET` request. Your link should go to a webpage where the recipient can confirm that they want to unsubscribe.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also add an unsubscribe link to the bottom of your email. The unsubscribe link at the bottom of your email should take the email recipient to a webpage where they can confirm that they want to unsubscribe.  
```
